Hello and welcome back to the course and Part II I hope you had a chance to look through the custom
visuals available in the library because there are some powerful ones there and it's good to know what
you have at your disposal when you need to create some desolations in the future.
And it's going to continue from where we left off last and we've got this chart the chord chart that
we started creating and today we're going to populate it and you'll see how easy it is to create visualizations
in power.
So is already set up for you and that's one of my favorite aspects about Parbat.
So let's go ahead and create the Score chart so we're going to create one where we're going to visualize
how much countries are lending to other countries so we're we really focus on the countries that are
lending or the creditors.
So all we have to do is take the creditors from here.
So remember that we have creditors and put it from the into the from Section take the debtors so that's
where the money is going to.
And as the value take that amount and put it here and that's it as simple as that.
It's all created so let's have a look at this quarter diagram and understand the mechanics behind it.
So they like it might seem that there's a lot going on here.
But this is quite actually quite a simple core diagram we've only got 1 2 3 4 5 6 2 3 4 6 7 7 8 9 10
10 elements in this core diagram and so they're kind of all intertwined.
So sometimes you can have way more.
And yeah you can see Parbat is actually doing quite a good job of handling these.
All right so let's understand how this works.
Let's take France for example what does this mean.
Well this means or the size of this represents how much France has actually lent to other countries.
Remember we're focusing on creditor's.
So I've actually screen them this chart before so that we don't forget Let's go to title and we'll just
change this to Korea tours and let's change the size to 12.
All right.
So now at the top here we know that we're dealing with creditors.
So France in total lent 957 billion dollars.
Right.
And then all of these items that are going out of the circle of this element are telling you where France
lent them.
So for instance here if you Hulver over you'll see that France lent Italy three hundred and sixty six
billion dollars and that's why this part is going into Italy over here.
And then here you can see France lent to United States this this byway.
Here is the United States France Lanch United States hundred and twenty two billion dollars than here
in France lent Spain.
One hundred and eighteen billion dollars and another one France and Greece.
Fifty three point nine billion bill and courtesy but it's going on here.
So they go.
And so the question is a couple of questions here.
First one is why is Greece so small and United States small.
What does that mean.
Well that just basically means that they are not that large as creditors remember in this one we're
focusing on credit or so the size of these elements of this pie as you might call it a pie are actually
just really directly proportional to the amount of money that each of these countries lent other countries.
So this this has nothing to do.
How much was borrowed.
This is just lending.
So you can see that the United States only lend to seventeen point three six billion dollars to other
countries and Greece.
Greece only lent.
Where is this money and see how much it lent Greece or Greece Lent is zero and Greece and literally
zero dollars to other countries.
So thats how it works.
And at the same time its important to note that here we can see that France lent money to Italy.
So if you look at it from a point of view of Italy there is outflows right and theres actually inflows
right.
So every country on this chart even though we're focusing on creditors every country in this chart because
they are intertwined so if money is going out it's going somewhere then has to be going in somewhere.
So because of that every country actually has these little other ones little other.
I don't even want to call them little other possible ways that represent money being lent to that country.
So for instance in the case of France you can see this little path coming in and you can see it says
here.
Britain lent France twenty two point four billion dollars.
Right.
And the important thing to understand and kind of like Keep in mind here is the ones.
So this the size of this part is only made up out of the ones out of the pathways that are going out.
So only out of these channels that are leaving.
So when actually France was lending other countries the tunnels that are coming in they are very thin
they're very thin and they don't contribute to the width of this piece of the pie and that makes sense
because we are focusing on characters here so when money is coming in that's actually boring money and
it's just this.
It's a symbolic pathway so it's just showing the directional movement it's not in any way contributing
to the site so therefore you'll see it regardless of how big the pathway or this channel is when it's
leaving a country for instance here in the case of Japan Japan lent United says 9 7 $196 billion.
Right.
It's a huge wide channel when lose but when it arrives at the destination it's always going to be as
thin as like one or two pixels simply because of the fact that arriving channels do not contribute to
the size of that piece of the pie.
So there we go so you can explore this diagram and find out a bit more.
Which countries Lent which other countries so right away from here you can see that Japan lent nearly
a trillion dollars in total.
France lent 957 billion.
Germany.
Lent.
Eight hundred and three billion.
Spain 561 Britain 413 Italy 117 and so on.
Ireland Ireland lend somebody 18 billion dollars.
United States 17 Greece Ireland zero.
And so it's very interesting I find these cardiograms are interesting because they're actually all dealing
with each other right.
So it's not like they are lending.
Other countries are lending money to each other.
And so you can look observe these dependencies and the flow of money within these countries.
So there you go.
That's that's the mechanics of the core diagram.
And also I would like to reiterate again how even though this is a complex diagram you can tell that
it is complex in conveying these insights.
It is simplifying them but still has so many elements to it.
And now despite that it was so easy for us to create that we just downloaded this pre-built template
and we just put in three columns into the designated spots and that's it it's right.
And that's one of the coolest features about Parbat that it is so simple and so intuitive to work with.
All right so hopefully you enjoy this tutorial.
However play around with that explore diagram a bit further and we'll continue in the next tutorial.
I'll look for you there and until next time happy and let.